Mark deprecated all mentions of authmanager and webconfig (#199)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/security-controls/key-management/inventory.md

### Authentication storage key

{{< hint warning >}}

> It is deprecated and will not be used after 0.90.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is deprecated and will not be used since 0.91.0.
```
